In questa lezione ascolteremo una
semplice storia in inglese. È perfetta
per tutti i principianti e per chi ha un
livello intermedio. Per prima cosa
ascolteremo la storia con i sottotitoli
in inglese, poi la ascolteremo con i
sottotitoli in inglese e la traduzione
in italiano.
Infine ascolteremo la storia un'ultima
volta senza sottotitoli e senza
traduzione.
Alla fine risponderemo a tre semplici
domande e ripasseremo il vocabolario.
Today is a very strange day. I wake up
early in the morning to the sound of
birds singing.
I open my eyes and that I'm sitting on a
bench in the city's central square,
but there's no one around
not a single person.
Normally this place is full of people.
I get up to walk down theet
but I don't see a single person or car.
Actually I'm happy with the silence.
I walk to the nearest supermet, go
inside and find it completely empty.
I grab some food and leave.
It feels strange,
but I begin to enjoy the freedom.
The whole city feels like it has been
given to me as a secret gift. I decide
to go to the amusement park.
It's completely empty to
but everything is working.
I get on all my faite rides.
I'm the only one on each ride and it's
so much fun.
I scream and laugh as loud as I want.
Then I play on the arcade machines.
I win every time because there's no one
to compete with.
The flashing lights and sound effects
make the moment feel exciting and
surreal.
After a few hours, I go to the cinema.
The whole place is just for me. The
seats are all empty.
I choose any movie I want.
Sit in the best seat and watch it alone.
The giant screen lights up and for a
moment I feel like the whole world is
mine. This is the strangest but most
amazing day of my life.
After the mov I walk through the park.
I pass by a lake and watch the sun set
behind the trees.
But now I start to feel something
different.
At first it was fun, but now it feels
sad.
I'm completely alone.
The silence that once felt freeing now
feels heavy and endless.
There's no one to share my thoughts
with, no one to laugh with, or even talk
to. I start to feel lonely.
I miss the people.
I miss the noise.
I miss the laughter.
I miss the company of others.
When it gets dark, my phone rings.
I get excited. Someone is calling me.
My heart races with hope as I quickly
reach for it.
I grab my phone, but it's just my alarm
clock.
It was all a dream.
I wake up in my bed.
I get up and look out the window.
The city is busy.
There are people everywhere.
The familiar sounds of the bustling
reach my ears.
I feel relieved.
I'm happy not to be alone.
Now understand how important
people around.
Ora ascoltiamo la storia con la
traduzione. Prova a ripetere dopo il
narratore.
Solo in una città.
Oggi è un giorno molto strano.
Mi sveglio presto la mattina
[Musica]
con il suono degli uccelli che cantano.
Apro gli occhi e mi rendo con
bench
>> che sono seduto su una panchina
nella piazza centrale della città,
[Musica]
ma non c'è C'è nessuno intorno,
neanche una persona.
[Musica]
Normalmente questo posto è pieno di
gente.
>> Mi alzo per camminare lungo la strada.
Ma non vedo né una persona né un'auto.
>> In realtà mi rallegra il silenzio.
Cammino verso il supermercato più
vicino.
Entro e lo trovo completamente vuoto.
Prendo del cibo e esco.
sente strano,
ma comincio a godere della libertà.
Tutta la città sembra essere stata data
a me come un regalo segreto.
Decido di andare al parco divertimenti.
[Musica]
Anche lì è completamente vuoto,
ma tutto funziona.
Salgo su tutte le mie attrazioni
preferite.
Sono l'unico su ogni attrazione.
Ed è così divertente. I scream and la
as.
urlo e rido quanto voglio.
Poi gioco alle macchinette. I win every
time.
>> Vins ogni volta
perché non c'è nessuno con cui
competere.
Le luci lampeggianti e gli effetti
sonori.
[Musica]
Rendono il momento eccitante e surreale.
>> Dopo qualche ora vado al cinema.
Tutto il luogo è solo per me.
>> Tutti i posti sono vuoti.
I want.
Scelgo qualsiasi film voglio.
Mi siedo nel posto migliore
[Musica]
>> e lo guardo da solo. Giant screen lights
up.
>> Lo schermo gigante si illumina.
E per un momento sento che tutto il
mondo è mio.
Questo è il più strano,
[Musica]
ma è il giorno più incredibile della mia
vita.
[Musica]
Dopo il film cammino per il parco. I
pass by a lake.
Passo vicino a un lago
e osservo il tramonto dietro gli alberi,
ma ora inizio a sentire qualcosa di
diverso.
[Musica]
All'inizio era divertente,
ma ora sembra triste.
[Musica]
>> Sono completamente solo.
Il silenzio che prima sembrava
liberatorio.
Ora sembra pesante e infinito.
Non c'è nessuno con cui condividere i
miei pensieri.
Nessuno con cui ridere
o anche solo parlare.
>> Inizio a sentirmi solo.
>> Mi mancano le persone.
Mi manca il rumore.
>> Mi manca il sorriso.
I miss the company of others.
>> Mi manca la compagnia degli altri.
Quando fa buio, my phone rings.
>> Il mio telefono squilla.
Mi emoziono, qualcuno mi sta chiamando.
>> Il mio cuore batte di speranza mentre lo
afferro rapidamente.
Prendo il mio telefono,
ma è solo la mia sveglia.
Era
tutto un sogno. I wake up in my bed.
Mi sveglio nel mio letto.
>> Mi alzo e guardo fuori dalla finestra.
>> La città è piena di vita.
Ci sono persone ovunque.
I suoni familiari della strada affollata
arrivano alle mie orecchie.
Mi sento sollevato. Happy not to be
alone.
Sono felice di non essere solo.
Ora capisco
quanto sia importante avere persone
intorno a me.
Ora ascolteremo la storia un'ultima
volta senza sottotitoli e senza
traduzione.
Alone in city.
Today is a very strange day. I wake up
early in the morning to the sound of
birds singing.
I open my eyes and that I'm sitting on a
bench in the city's central square,
but there's no one around,
not a single person.
Normally this place is full of people.
I get up to walk down theet
but I don't see a single person or car.
Actually I'm happy with the silence.
I walk to the nearest supermet go inside
and find it completely empty.
I grab some food and leave.
It feels strange
but I begin to enjoy the freedom.
The whole city feels like it has been
given to me as a secret gift. I decide
to go to the amusement park.
It's completely empty to
but everything is working.
I get on all my faite rides.
I'm the only one on each ride and it's
so much fun.
I scream and laugh as loud as I want.
Then I play on the arcade machines.
I win every time because there's no one
to compete with.
The flashing lights and sound effects
make the moment feel exciting and
surreal.
After a few hours, I go to the cinema.
The whole place is just for me. The
seats are all empty.
I choose any movie I want.
Sit in the best seat and watch it alone.
The giant screen lights up and for a I
feel like the whole world is mine. This
is the strangest but most amazing day of
my life.
After the movie, I walk through the
park.
I pass by a lake and watch the sun set
behind the trees.
But now I start to feel something
different.
At first it was fun, but now it feels
sad.
I'm completely alone.
The silence that once felt freeing now
feels heavy and endless.
There's no one to share my thoughts
with, no one to laugh with or even talk
to. I start to feel lonely.
I miss the people.
I miss the noise.
I miss the laughter.
I miss the company of others.
When it gets dark, my phone rings.
I get excited. Someone is calling me.
My heart races with hope as I quickly
reach for it.
I grab my phone, but it's just my alarm
clock.
It was all a dream.
I wake up in my bed.
I get up and look out the window.
The city is busy.
There are people everywhere.
The familiar sounds of the bustling
reach my ears.
I feel relieved.
I'm happy not to be alone.
Now understand how important
to have people around me.
Bene, ora risponderemo a tre domande
sci. Ripasseremo il vocabolario. Prova a
rispondere alle domande nei commenti.
Where does the narrator wake up at the
beginning of the story?
How does the narrator feel at first when
the city is empty?
What places does the narrator visit?
Very strange day.
Giorno molto strano.
Non c'è nessuno intorno.
Non vedo una sola persona.
Godere della libertà.
Parco divertimenti.
Tutte le mie attrazioni preferite.
>> Mainette da gioco.
>> Vado al cinema.
Schermo gigante.
Completely alone.
Sono completamente solo.
>> Ridere. I miss the people.
Mi mancano le persone. Company of
others.
Compagnia degli altri.
[Musica]
>> Il mio telefono squilla.
>> Era tutto un sogno.
Grazie per aver guardato questo video.
Se ti è piaciuto lascia un mi piace. e
iscriviti al nostro canale per altre
lezioni di inglese. Non dimenticare di
cliccare sulla campanella per ricevere
una notifica quando pubblichiamo nuovi
contenuti. Ci vediamo nel prossimo video
e buon apprendimento.